4 Things to Focus On When You Have to Succeed With Zero Support:

1. Self Image

Having no support has a hidden advantage:

No expectations.
No labels.
No one defining who you must be.

It becomes easier to recreate yourself.


2. Persuasion

Covid showed me the true power of persuasion.

I saw 99% of people moving like sheep.

Then I asked myself:

If I’m so smart… why can’t I persuade anyone?

That question changed everything.

I started studying persuasion and learning to master it.

It is one of the most important meta skills.

Eventually, everything in life comes down to persuasion.

Both Persuading yourself & others.

3. Pick the Right Game to Play

You must choose a game that fits your natural attributes.

Play to your advantages.

Are you naturally creative? Play a creative game.

Are you naturally logical? Play a technical game.

If the greatest movie directors pursued crypto trading, they would probably be bums.

Success often comes from alignment, not effort alone.


4. Skill Stack

We live in a world where mastering just 1 skill isn’t the best way to win.

It’s about learning multiple skills, then stacking them together to create your own unique hand of cards.

That’s when no one can compete with you anymore.

For example:

I learned writing.
I naturally understand visuals.
I became a strong speaker.

Combined together, we see this Telegram group.

UNCHAINED cannot be copied.

You can do the same by building your own skill stack.

IMPORTANT

It is not about being the best at every skill.

It is about being good enough across multiple skills.

Conor McGregor was not the best fighter.
But he was good enough.

He was not the best showman.
But good enough.

He was not the most eloquent speaker. (Said a lot of “ehm..”)

But good enough of a speaker.

Combined, it made him a superstar.

Donald Trump is not the funniest man.
But funny enough.

Not the best speaker.
But good enough.

He has very strong persuasion and an understanding of power.

Combined, it made him President.